As much as EFM couples a topography scan with a separate scan for electrical properties, Magnetic Force Microscopy (MFM) combines a topography scan with a separate scan for magnetic properties. MFM features a contact AFM scan to obtain the topography, and a scan farther from the surface to probe long-range magnetic force. In this magnetic force domain, deflections of the magnetized cantilever correspond to regions of magnetization on the sample surface.

Tapping mode
Tapping Mode AFM operates by scanning a tip attached to the end of an oscillating cantilever across the sample surface. The cantilever is oscillated at or near its resonance frequency with an amplitude ranging from 20nm to 100nm. The frequency of oscillation can be at or on either side of the resonant frequency of the cantilever. The tip lightly “taps” on the sample surface during scanning, contacting the surface at the bottom of each oscillation. Changes in the vibration frequency of the cantilever vibrating near its resonance frequency are measured. The feedback loop maintains a constant oscillation amplitude, and therefore, a constant tip-sample interaction is maintained during imaging.

Morphotropic phase boundaries (MPB) are composition dependent while polymorphic phase boundaries depend on temperature. Classic examples of a MPB can be found by looking at the phase diagram of the solid solutions PbTiO3-PbZrO3 (PZT) or Pb(Mg,Nb)O3-PbTiO3 (PMN-PT). In these, a phase boundary exists between a PT rich tetragonal phase and a region with average rhombohedral phase. Classic example of a system with a polymorphic phase change can be found in (K,Na)NbO3 (KNN). In this solid solution, the phase boundary between orthorhombic and tetragonal phase is found at different temperatures depending on composition.  

To further elaborate on Dr. Ansell's answer. In simple words a phase boundary is a tipping point between two different structures which have the same chemical composition but are separated by a slight difference in their free energies.  A reversible phase transition can be achieved when a certain stimulus is provided. The difference between polymorphic and morphotropic boundaries is only the nature of input required to achieve this phase transition.

Scaling Effects in Perovskite Ferroelectrics: Fundamental Limits and Process-Structure-Property Relations

Ferroelectric materials are well-suited for a variety of applications because they can offer a combination of high performance and scaled integration. Examples of note include piezoelectrics to transform between electrical and mechanical energies, capacitors used to store charge, electro-optic devices, and non-volatile memory storage. Accordingly, they are widely used as sensors, actuators, energy storage, and memory components, ultrasonic devices, and in consumer electronics products. Because these functional properties arise from a non-centrosymmetric crystal structure with spontaneous strain and a permanent electric dipole, the properties depend upon physical and electrical boundary conditions, and consequently, physical dimension. The change of properties with decreasing physical dimension is commonly referred to as a size effect. In thin films, size effects are widely observed, while in bulk ceramics, changes in properties from the values of large-grained specimens is most notable in samples with grain sizes below several microns. It is important to note that ferroelectricity typically persists to length scales of about 10 nm, but below this point is often absent. Despite the stability of ferroelectricity for dimensions greater than ~10 nm, the dielectric and piezoelectric coefficients of scaled ferroelectrics are suppressed relative to their bulk counterparts, in some cases by changes up to 80%. The loss of extrinsic contributions (domain and phase boundary motion) to the electromechanical response accounts for much of this suppression. In this article the current understanding of the underlying mechanisms for this behavior in perovskite ferroelectrics are reviewed. We focus on the intrinsic limits of ferroelectric response, the roles of electrical and mechanical boundary conditions, grain size and thickness effects, and extraneous effects related to processing. Ultimately, in many cases, multiple mechanisms combine to produce the observed scaling effects.

Enhanced ferroelectric polarization in epitaxial (Pb1−xLax)(Zr0.52Ti0.48)O3 thin films due to low La doping

Enhanced polarization is reported in ferroelectric (Pb1−xLax)(Zr0.52Ti0.48)O3 (PLZT) thin films at low La doping concentrations. Epitaxial PLZT thin films with varying La concentrations were grown in both (001) and (111) crystallographic orientations using the conducting perovskite oxide La0.7Sr0.3MnO3 as the top and bottom electrodes on SrTiO3 substrates by pulsed laser deposition. Dilute doping of La (0.1–0.5 at. %) was found to enhance the remanent polarizations in the PLZT films irrespective of their orientations. An increase in the remanent polarization by a factor of two is observed in the 0.5 at. % La doped PLZT thin film as compared to the undoped (Pb)(Zr0.52Ti0.48)O3 (PZT) film. The increase in polarization in the PLZT thin films was associated with the tetragonal distortion of the PLZT lattice due to the substitutional doping of La at the Pb sites, as evidenced from x-ray and microstructural analyses. Using the structural and polarization data, a linear correlation between the square of the remanent polarization and crystal-lattice distortion is obtained in the PLZT system, which corroborates with the Landau-Ginsburg-Devonshire thermodynamic model of lattice distortion-induced change in spontaneous polarization. This paper provides a novel route to enhance polarization in PLZT films, which is crucial for the coherent design of high-performance PZT-based ferroelectric and piezoelectric devices.
